feat(circuit-ui): add CopyButton component (#3583)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/CopyButton/CopyButton.mdx

import { Meta, Status, Props, Story } from '../../../../.storybook/components';
import * as Stories from './CopyButton.stories';

<Meta of={Stories} />

# CopyButton

<Status variant="experimental" />

CopyButton copies a value to the clipboard and can render as a read-only input, a full button, or an icon button.

<Story of={Stories.Input} />
<Props />

> 

Reviewer: Do you mind restructuring this page into When to use and How to use sections (as per [this comment](https://github.com/sumup-oss/circuit-ui/pull/3733#discussion_r3518485620))

Author: Yes, done, thanks!

## Usage

Use CopyButton when copying is the primary action, such as copying API tokens, webhook secrets, reference IDs, or shareable links.

> Wrap your application in `ToastProvider` to display the success feedback toast after a copy action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wrap your application in `ToastProvider` to display a feedback toast after a successful copy action.
```

## Variants

Use the input variant when users need to inspect the copied value before copying it.

<Story of={Stories.MaskedInput} />

Use the full button or icon-only button when the value itself does not need to stay visible in the UI.

<Story of={Stories.AllVariants} />

## Content

> Keep the visible label clear and specific so users understand what will be copied. Use concise copy such as `"Copy token"` or `"Copy secret"`, and customize `copiedBody` when the success message should refer to a specific object.

Reviewer: I don't see any references of `copiedBody` in the code, did you mean `successLabel` maybe ?

Author: Yes, forgot to update docs after updating the component. Fixed.

> For longer strings, the input variant truncates the visible text while preserving the full copied value.

Reviewer: The LongValue story actually shows the entire value, which scenario did you intend to keep ?

Author: Fixed, it was a copy paste mistake.

import * as Stories from './CopyButton.stories';

<Meta of={Stories} />

# CopyButton

<Status variant="experimental" />

CopyButton copies a value to the clipboard and can render as a read-only input, a full button, or an icon button.

<Story of={Stories.Base} />
<Props />

## When to Use

Use CopyButton when copying is the primary action, such as copying API tokens, webhook secrets, reference IDs, or shareable links.

Use the input variant when users need to inspect the copied value before copying it.

Use the button or icon button variants when the value itself does not need to stay visible in the UI.

## How to Use

Wrap your application in `ToastProvider` to display a feedback toast after a successful copy action.

<Story of={Stories.MaskedInput} />

Use `visibleValue` to show a masked or shortened value while preserving the full copied `value`.

<Story of={Stories.LongValue} />

## Variants

<Story of={Stories.Variants} />

## Content

Keep the visible label clear and specific so users understand what will be copied. Use concise copy such as `"Copy token"` or `"Copy secret"`, and customize `successLabel` when the success message should refer to a specific object.

> For longer strings, the input variant truncates the visible text with an ellipsis while preserving the full copied value.

Reviewer: currently this is not the case.
